# Terms of Service

This is an agreement between Stickee ("Stickee") the owner and operator of Stickee ("Stickee", the "App", "Site", "Software", or "Service") and you, a user of the Service. In order to use the Service, you must first agree to these Terms of Service ("Terms") and Stickee's Privacy Policy which are incorporated herein by reference. Your agreement will be confirmed by accepting these terms when prompted upon first sign in into the Service. If you do not accept these terms then please do not sign in, and if applicable close and delete the Software. You affirm that you are over 18 years of age. If you are under 18 years of age, you are not permitted to use the Stickee Service.

Subject to your compliance with these Terms, Stickee hereby grants you permission to use the Service, provided that: (i) your use of the Service as permitted is solely for your personal, non-commercial use; (ii) you will not duplicate, transfer, give access to, copy or distribute any part of the Service in any medium without Stickee's prior written consent; (iii) you will not attempt to alter or modify any part of the Service; and (iv) you will comply with all applicable laws and regulations. You acknowledge that from time to time the Service may be unavailable whilst we conduct maintenance and updates of the Application and the Service. We will endeavor to minimize such disruption. We do not guarantee that the Service will be available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. The Service may host information containing links to third party websites that are not owned or controlled by Stickee. Stickee has no control over and no responsibility for any third party websites. By using the Service, you expressly acknowledge and agree that Stickee shall not be responsible for any damages, claims or other liability arising from or related to your use of any third-party website.

You acknowledge and agree that Stickee own or are licensors of all the legal rights and interests in and to the Application, except all User Content (as defined below), subject to copyright and other intellectual property rights under English and foreign laws and international conventions. You agree to not engage in the use, copying, or distribution of any of the Application other than expressly permitted herein, including any use, copying, or distribution of User Content of third parties obtained through the Service for any commercial purposes. You shall be solely responsible for your own User Content and the consequences of posting or publishing the content. You retain all of your ownership rights in your User Content. By submitting the User Content, you consent to Stickee to sharing non-personally identifying information, as covered in the Privacy Policy, with third-parties to assist in understanding usage patterns and for Service functionality.

Use of the Stickee service shall be at your own risk. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Stickee, its officers, directors, employees, and agents make no express warranties and disclaim all implied warranties, in connection with the service and your use thereof. In no event shall Stickee, its officers, directors, employees, and agents, be liable to you for any direct, indirect, or consequential damages whatsoever resulting from any use of the service. You agree to indemnify Stickee, its officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to legal fees) arising from: (i) your use of and access to the Service; (ii) your violation of any term of these Terms; (iii) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right; or (iv) any claim that one of your User Content caused damage to a third party.

These Terms, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by Stickee without restriction. This Agreement and your use of the Service shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Delaware and the federal laws of the United States applicable therein. This Agreement and the Privacy Policy constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. We reserve the right to modify the Service from time to time, for any reason, and without notice, including the right to terminate with or without notice, without liability to you, the Account of any other User or any third party. We reserve the right to modify this Agreement from time to time without notice.
